at that time says the Lord they shall
at that time says the Lord they shall bring out the bones of the kings of
bring out the bones of the kings of
bring out the bones of the kings of Judah and the bones of its princes and
Judah and the bones of its princes and
Judah and the bones of its princes and the bones of the priests and the bones
the bones of the priests and the bones
the bones of the priests and the bones of the prophets and the bones of the
of the prophets and the bones of the
of the prophets and the bones of the inhabitants of Jerusalem out of their
inhabitants of Jerusalem out of their
inhabitants of Jerusalem out of their graves they shall spread them before the
graves they shall spread them before the
graves they shall spread them before the Sun and the moon and all the hosts of
Sun and the moon and all the hosts of
Sun and the moon and all the hosts of heaven which they have loved and which
heaven which they have loved and which
heaven which they have loved and which they have served and after which they
they have served and after which they
they have served and after which they have walked which they have sought and
have walked which they have sought and
have walked which they have sought and which they have worshiped they shall not
which they have worshiped they shall not
which they have worshiped they shall not be gathered nor buried they shall be
be gathered nor buried they shall be
be gathered nor buried they shall be like refuse on the face of the earth
like refuse on the face of the earth
like refuse on the face of the earth the death shall be chosen rather than
the death shall be chosen rather than
the death shall be chosen rather than life by all the residue of those who
life by all the residue of those who
life by all the residue of those who remain of this evil family who remained
remain of this evil family who remained
remain of this evil family who remained in all the places where I have driven
in all the places where I have driven
in all the places where I have driven them says the Lord of Hosts moreover you
them says the Lord of Hosts moreover you
them says the Lord of Hosts moreover you shall say to them thus says the Lord
shall say to them thus says the Lord
shall say to them thus says the Lord will they fall and not rise will one
will they fall and not rise will one
will they fall and not rise will one turn away and not return
turn away and not return
turn away and not return why has this people slidden back
why has this people slidden back
why has this people slidden back Jerusalem in a perpetual backsliding
Jerusalem in a perpetual backsliding
Jerusalem in a perpetual backsliding they hold fast to deceit they refused to
they hold fast to deceit they refused to
they hold fast to deceit they refused to return I listened and heard but they do
return I listened and heard but they do
return I listened and heard but they do not speak a right
not speak a right
not speak a right no man repented of his wickedness saying
no man repented of his wickedness saying
no man repented of his wickedness saying what have I done
what have I done
what have I done everyone turned to his own course as the
everyone turned to his own course as the
everyone turned to his own course as the horse rushes into the battle even the
horse rushes into the battle even the
horse rushes into the battle even the stalk in the heavens knows her appointed
stalk in the heavens knows her appointed
stalk in the heavens knows her appointed times and the Turtledove the Swift and
times and the Turtledove the Swift and
times and the Turtledove the Swift and the swallow observed the time of their
the swallow observed the time of their
the swallow observed the time of their coming but my people do not know the
coming but my people do not know the
coming but my people do not know the judgment of the Lord how can you say we
judgment of the Lord how can you say we
judgment of the Lord how can you say we are wise and the law of the Lord is with
are wise and the law of the Lord is with
are wise and the law of the Lord is with us look the false pen of the scribes
us look the false pen of the scribes
us look the false pen of the scribes certainly works falsehood the wise men
certainly works falsehood the wise men
certainly works falsehood the wise men are ashamed
are ashamed
are ashamed they are dismayed and taken behold they
they are dismayed and taken behold they
they are dismayed and taken behold they have rejected the words of the Lord so
have rejected the words of the Lord so
have rejected the words of the Lord so what wisdom do they have therefore I
what wisdom do they have therefore I
what wisdom do they have therefore I will give their wives to others and
will give their wives to others and
will give their wives to others and their fields to those who will inherit
their fields to those who will inherit
their fields to those who will inherit them
them
them because from the least even to the
because from the least even to the
because from the least even to the greatest everyone is given to
greatest everyone is given to
greatest everyone is given to covetousness from the Prophet even to
covetousness from the Prophet even to
covetousness from the Prophet even to the priest everyone deals falsely for
the priest everyone deals falsely for
the priest everyone deals falsely for they have healed the hurt of the
they have healed the hurt of the
they have healed the hurt of the daughter of my people slightly saying
daughter of my people slightly saying
daughter of my people slightly saying peace peace when there is no peace were
peace peace when there is no peace were
peace peace when there is no peace were they ashamed when they had committed
they ashamed when they had committed
they ashamed when they had committed abomination no they were not at all
abomination no they were not at all
abomination no they were not at all ashamed nor did they know how to blush
ashamed nor did they know how to blush
ashamed nor did they know how to blush therefore they shall fall among those
therefore they shall fall among those
therefore they shall fall among those who fall in the time of their
who fall in the time of their
who fall in the time of their punishments they shall be cast down says
punishments they shall be cast down says
punishments they shall be cast down says the Lord I will surely consume them says
the Lord I will surely consume them says
the Lord I will surely consume them says the Lord no grapes shall be on the vine
the Lord no grapes shall be on the vine
the Lord no grapes shall be on the vine nor figs on the fig tree in the leaf
nor figs on the fig tree in the leaf
nor figs on the fig tree in the leaf shall fade and the things I have given
shall fade and the things I have given
shall fade and the things I have given them shall pass away from them
them shall pass away from them
them shall pass away from them why do we sit still assemble yourselves
why do we sit still assemble yourselves
why do we sit still assemble yourselves and let us enter the fortified cities
and let us enter the fortified cities
and let us enter the fortified cities and let us be silent there for the Lord
and let us be silent there for the Lord
and let us be silent there for the Lord our God has put us to silence and given
our God has put us to silence and given
our God has put us to silence and given us water or gall to drink because we
us water or gall to drink because we
us water or gall to drink because we have sinned against the Lord we look for
have sinned against the Lord we look for
have sinned against the Lord we look for peace but no good came and for a time of
peace but no good came and for a time of
peace but no good came and for a time of health and there was trouble
health and there was trouble
health and there was trouble the snorting of his horses was heard
the snorting of his horses was heard
the snorting of his horses was heard from Dan the whole land trembled at the
from Dan the whole land trembled at the
from Dan the whole land trembled at the sound of the neighing of his strong ones
sound of the neighing of his strong ones
sound of the neighing of his strong ones for they have come and devoured the land
for they have come and devoured the land
for they have come and devoured the land that all that is in it the city and
that all that is in it the city and
that all that is in it the city and those who dwell in it for behold I will
those who dwell in it for behold I will
those who dwell in it for behold I will send serpents among you vipers which
send serpents among you vipers which
send serpents among you vipers which cannot be charmed and they shall bite
cannot be charmed and they shall bite
cannot be charmed and they shall bite you
you
you says the Lord I would comfort myself in
says the Lord I would comfort myself in
says the Lord I would comfort myself in sorrow my heart is faint in me listen
sorrow my heart is faint in me listen
sorrow my heart is faint in me listen the voice the cry of the daughter of my
the voice the cry of the daughter of my
the voice the cry of the daughter of my people from a far country is not the
people from a far country is not the
people from a far country is not the Lord in Zion is not her king in her
Lord in Zion is not her king in her
Lord in Zion is not her king in her why have they provoked me to anger with
why have they provoked me to anger with
why have they provoked me to anger with their carved images with foreign idols
their carved images with foreign idols
their carved images with foreign idols the harvest is past the summer is ended
the harvest is past the summer is ended
the harvest is past the summer is ended and we are not saved for the hurt of the
and we are not saved for the hurt of the
and we are not saved for the hurt of the daughter of my people I am hurt I am
daughter of my people I am hurt I am
daughter of my people I am hurt I am mourning
mourning
mourning astonishment has taken hold of me is
astonishment has taken hold of me is
astonishment has taken hold of me is there no balm in Gilead is there no
there no balm in Gilead is there no
there no balm in Gilead is there no physician there why then is there no
physician there why then is there no
physician there why then is there no recovery for the health of the daughter
recovery for the health of the daughter
recovery for the health of the daughter of my people
of my people
of my people [Music]